What differences and similarites have you noticed? Provide at least 3 and
explain in complete sentences.
In the Arduino language, I have noticed many similar traits to c programming
language.A example would be the way lines are ended using a ;, this can be seen
in any of the examples from the circuits. Another similarity would be The
different class methods, the startup class and the loop class being the most
used in all of the examples. One difference From this programming language is
the new incorporated methods or classes in the code, This can be seen when a
specific pin is being called to be used in the program.

What code adaptations have you made? [Or will you make if none to date.
Note: 'none' is not a valid answer]
I will adapt my java programming into my games that I make in arduino.

What is required for a circuit?
a circuit needs a positive and a negative, and usually some kind of  resistor 
and a led to test if it works.

How are programs compiled with Arduino?
they are first verefied for any errors then sent to the board to be processed.

Describe the projects you have completed this/last week and what you have 
learned from them. Descriptions should be _at least_ one full paragraph in length.
During the last week I have done many of the projects. From a basic ciruit with
an LED to a servo I have learned how basic circuits can make different outcomes
and possibilities.The projects have taught me the correct way to set up a 
circuit and use different sensors to change things in a program. 

You will be completing your own project - a project of your own design that 
accepts user input and provides light and sound in some way.


Describe your project and the code adaptations you will have to make. 
[Note - 'none' is not a valid answer. For example, there is a 'Simon' game 
provided - using that code would earn a '0' because it is 0% your code.]

I will make a program that uses the tempeture sensor to display temp in a LCD.
when you put your finger to make the sensor warm up it will make a sound 
that gradually goes up in pitch when tempeture goes up and goes down in pitch
when tempeture goes down.
